# Family_Tree
Technology used : Java, JavaFX
This is my second assignment from ICT373 unit, Computer science , Murdoch University.

User guide 

Initially user will be greeted with a main menu option. User can choose from four option. The first option is adding a root person. User can be accomplished to add a new root person by clicking on Add another root button and submitting root person’s data. Once user clicked on Add button, the program will provide a form for user to fill up root person’s information. When user completed filling up the form, user can submit the data by clicking Submit button however if user want to cancel this submission, user can simply cancel it by clicking Cancel button. By clicking Cancel button, the program will take user back to main menu option. If user completed submission, a family tree will be appeared on the left side of body of program. User can view added person’s data by simply clicking the name of added person. When user clicked, the system will display clicked person’s information on the right of the body along with two buttons. Those two buttons allow user to edit the person’s information or add relative of the person. User can edit the person’s information by simply clicking on Edit Details button. Once the button is clicked user can edit the person’s information. Once user finished editing information, user can either save the update or cancel it. If user decided to save user can update it by simply clicking on Save button but if user decided to cancel user can accomplished it by simply clicking on Cancel button. Either of choices will bring user back to person’s information templet. To add more relatives, user can click on Add relatives’ button and once the button is clicked, the program will provide a form for user to enter person’s relative information. Once information is entered user can either save it or cancel it. If user desire to cancel, user can perform it by clicking on Cancel button if not user can click on Save button to add a new relative into family tree. Once Save button is clicked, a new member will appear in family tree. User can also get a family tree will loading from a file. To perform that user, need to click on load button. Once the button is clicked, the program will provide a file selector and then user can choose the file to continue. User can edit or add new relatives from family tree which is loaded from a file. User can also save the family tree by simply clicking on Save button and once the button is clicked the program will provide a file selector to user and default file name is provided. If user want to start over again with a new root person, user can click on Create New Tree button. 
